OpenClaw 3.13 is insane. Here's why. So,
OpenClaw just got a new free massive
upgrade, and I'm going to walk you
through exactly how it works. In their
own words, the Lobster doesn't just see
the web anymore. It walks right in,
logged in, signed in, and ready to work.
If you've ever wanted your AI agent to
browse the internet as you, with your
accounts already logged in, OpenC Claw
2026, the 13th of March, just made that
real. This update is one of the biggest
drops in months. New browser powers,
redesigned mobile apps, stronger
security, Windows finally works
properly, Docker gets smarter. Let's
break everything down that changed.
First of all, if you're not even sure
what OpenClaw is, let me just quickly
explain that. It's a free open- source
AI agent platform. Think of OpenClaw
like a smart robot that can talk to you
on Telegram, Discord, Slack, or
iMessage. It can browse the web, run
code, manage files, and automate tasks
all on your own computer or server. in
control and it works with AI models like
claw, GPT, Gemini and even local models
through Lama. So, we're going to be
talking about the new updates. You can
see the full change log right here. If
you want to update your open claw, I get
asked this on every single video.
Literally, all you do, you just say
update inside the chat. That's it. And
then you wait a few minutes, it will
reset the gateway, and then from there,
it's good to go. So, that's exactly how
we've already updated to March the 13th
version. And you can see here, it just
went boom, shakalaka. Here we go. You've
updated right now. Bear in mind that
message to update was sent on 115 and
then within a couple of minutes it was
already updated. So it was really quick
to update and that sort of thing. So
let's talk about the new updates app.
What it means, how everything etc. So
the big one is live Chrome session
attached. Right? What this basically
means is your AI agent can now walk into
websites already being able to log in.
And this is really the headline feature
of this release, right? Actually, Peter
Steinberger just tweeted about it a few
minutes ago, who's the founder and the
creator of OpenClaw built this tool over
a weekend. And essentially, you can see
here if we scroll down the list, you see
here new OpenClaw beta. It comes with
the new live browser control that Google
added in the latest Chrome. So you can
enable it like this and then basically
open claw will know what to use when to
use it etc how to use it right so it can
basically use your browser for you and
look through the internet. So previously
when openclaw browser web it did like
kind of like a ghost you know it was
just using its own browser session no
accounts no login just an empty browser
now it can attach to your um real right
which means it can see what you see your
Gmail your dashboards your tools and
basically this works by using this
feature right here right so you can
visit this and then openclaw then attach
that to the live session using the
chrome dev tools protocol no extensions
needed no it's just set up just one
toggle Right. There's also two new
built-in browser profiles. So, there are
now two smart browser profiles baked
right in. Number one is profile user.
This uses your real standing browser,
the one sitting open on your screen. And
then the other one is Chrome Relay. This
uses a special extension to connect even
more smoothly. So, your AI agent can now
prefer your real browser automatically
without you having to tell it to use
every single time. Now, also, it's got
smart error handling. So, transport
errors, um, tool level errors. The agent
just recovers gracefully instead of like
crashing and and losing everything all
over. Let's see what we've got on the
We've got a bunch of questions here.
I'll answer them at the end. I want to
just run through these updates for you.
So, the next one is that Android gets a
full makeover. Right. So, the Android
app didn't just get updated. It got a
complete personality transplant. So, the
chat chat settings screen inside the
Android app has totally been redesigned.
Device settings and media settings are
now in clean separate groups much easier
to find what you need. The connect tab
and voice tab have both been profession
refreshed with a cleaner look. The chat
where you type messages and the session
header at the top and now more compact
and tighter. And this just makes the
whole experience feel way less
cluttered. The same with the iOS, right?
So the iOS um iPhone app just got a
welcome screen as well. So first time
users on iPhone, iPad now get a proper
welcome pager before anything else
happens. This is huge for beginners. so
you don't just get sent into a confusing
setup screen. And the QR scanner no
longer auto opens the moment you install
the app, which used to scare people off
immediately. It shows clear um
instructions on how to pair this to
OpenClaw. Next up, we got Docker, right?
And you can set your own time zone. So,
if you're not familiar with Docker,
basically this way of like kind of
isolating in a in a container your AI
agent for OpenClaw, right? It's a free
way to set up OpenClaw uh in a more
secure way of using this, right? So
Docker containers used to just inherit
whatever time zone the server felt like
using that caused weird timestamp bugs
tasks running at the wrong times logs
showing the wrong hours. Now you can set
an environment variable and it's called
openclaw_tz
right which means you can put in any
standard
time zone like for example Asia Bangkok
or American New York and both the
gateway container and the CLI container
lock to that time zone. No more crazy
time stamp chaos. On top of that, you
got Windows gateway. So that's been
fixed properly, so it no longer freezes.
You also have the gateway status status
reports moving in correctly. A bunch of
security improvements as well like you
can see here. And that is basically it.
Also local models, right? So now the
thinking stays private. So if you run
reasoning models locally through Alama,
I know a lot of people do who watch this
channel, they have an internal thinking
process, right? That internal monologue
was leaking into normal replies, kind of
showing up in your chat and extra text.
Now those internal tools aid improperly
and never appear in the final assistance
response, right? And [snorts] then
there's a bunch of uh fixes on Telegram,
Slack, Discord, and schedule tasks. And
then also web UI fixes as well. So a big
update right there. Just to recap
everything that's changed. So number
one, browser live Chrome session
attached with real signed in profiles,
batch actions, and smarter error
recovery. Android app got a redesign,
iOS app got redesigned, Docker works
better, Windows gateways have been
fixed, security improvements, um, agent
improvements, OAMA improvements, and
that's basically it. Run you through all
the the updates right there. Now, if you
want to get all the video notes from
today, you can get that inside the AI
profit boardroom link in the comments
description or just go to the
apiprofitboarding.com and this basically
has a full automation community where
you can learn AI automation and how it
works, etc. But also you can get my
daily updates on Open Claw and how it
works right here along with a full
6-hour course. So, thanks so much for
watching. If you haven't already, check
out the AI profit boardroom. This is my
AI automation community with 2,600
members inside here. We're all about
learning, growing, and scaling with AI
automation. You can ask questions inside
the community and get help and support
whenever you need to. You can jump on
weekly video coaching calls on AI
automation. You can meet cool people in
your local area. And also inside the
classroom, you get my daily updates
right here on exactly how to use AI
automation, how we got tons of training
and setup guides on exactly how to use
this stuff. Also inside the classroom
too, we have a complete beginners guide
on how to go from beginner to expert
with AI automation. How to build your
first AI agent in under 5 minutes.
Additionally, we also show you our best
playbooks for my business. So, how to
automate X, newsletters, shorts,
Instagram, AI avatar videos, and these
all come with step-by-step operating
procedures along with a video tutorial
on exactly how to use this stuff. And on
top of that, you can learn how to get
more clients with the agency course. You
can watch back the coaching course and
if you don't make them live and then
also you can learn how to rank number
one with AI SEO and you can learn how to
grow a YouTube channel based on what's
working for me all inside here. So feel
free to get that link in the comments
description or just go to the
aiprofitbom.com.